Tutorials: How to set up Wix analytics, heatmaps, and more (#8755)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/tutorials/wix-analytics.md

---
title: How to set up Wix analytics, heatmaps, and more
date: 2024-06-20
author:
 - ian-vanagas
tags:
 - product analytics
 - heatmaps
---

> To create the best possible Wix site, you need to know how use your site. PostHog provides tools like [analytics](/web-analytics), [heatmaps](/docs/toolbar/heatmaps), and [session replays](/session-replay) to help you do this. Best of all, PostHog has a generous always free tier (unlike other Wix analytics tools)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create the best possible Wix site, you need to know how users interact your site. PostHog provides tools like [analytics](/web-analytics), [heatmaps](/docs/toolbar/heatmaps), and [session replays](/session-replay) to help you do this. Best of all, PostHog has a generous always free tier (unlike other Wix analytics tools)
```

This tutorial shows you how to set up PostHog to your Wix site to capture analytics for you to analyze as well as how to set up and view heatmaps.

> > **Note:** Adding PostHog to Wix requires their premium plan.

Reviewer: Making it slightly clearer that it's Wix's premium plan
```suggestion
> **Note:** This tutorial requires Wix's premium plan.
```
